# Animatronic-Hand
Mechatronics is an upcoming technology that facilitates the machine to mimic the action of human and  animals and produce more natural movement. For some time, we have been interested in making some  sort of robot based on the Arduino platform. This project is the first phase of this longer-term desired  effort. Anything is possible with the mighty power of Arduino. It's compact, it's straight forward, and  makes embedding electronics into the world-at-large fun and easy.  Animatronics is the use of mechatronics to create machines which seem animate rather than robotic.  Animatronic figures are most often powered by pneumatics (compressed air), and, in special instances,  hydraulics (pressurized oil), or by electrical means. The figures are precisely customized with the exact  dimensions and proportions of living creatures. Motion actuators are often used to imitate “muscle”  movements, such as limbs to create realistic motions. Also, the figure is covered with body shells and  flexible skins made of hard and soft plastic materials. Then, the figure can be finished by adding details  like colours, hair and feathers and other components to make the figure more realistic.  We wanted to make a shadow robot from our curiosity. As the whole body of the robot would have  been of much cost. Approximating the kinematics of the human hand was our top priority when  developing this animatronic hand. Each joint of this hand has a movement range again the same as or  very close to that of a human hand, including the thumb and even the flex of the palm for the little  finger.
